Units Recommendation (#245)
TheThingsNetwork/lorawan-devices: README.md

2. Downlink encoder: decodes a JSON object into binary data downlink
3. Downlink decoder: decodes an encoded binary data downlink back into a JSON object (must be symmetric with the downlink encoder)

> Recomendation. For a better user experience, it is better that decoders indicates the units used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** We recommend using measure units in payload decoders for a better user experience.
```

Author: I changed file, also I added the full variable name recommendation like: 

**Note:** We recommend using measure units and full variable names in payload decoders for a better user experience.
